I mean I say just one thing yeah yes
mother one thing go ahead you Debra
you're going to lose your husband and
you will never find someone as good
that's it Oh drive carefully
well you've done it again mother made me
hate myself lately your low self-esteem
is just good common sense from James L
Brooks the Academy Award winning
director of terms of endearment
broadcast nervous and as good as it gets
john clasky is a loving father you don't
have to get up yet but are you thinking
seriously about it yeah okay a
world-class chef don't even know what to
root for thought of one star gets me
nauseous
oh it's four there's no place to go in
the quarter stars I mean you're good but
not good enough to feel bad that you're
not great and a man whose wife I helped
run a commercial design company up until
four months ago and it was downsized to
set but now I'm a full-time mom called
double gulp he's struggling to fund
herself who is bad at me as mom cause
what happened
you music no good guy good guy I didn't
know dad found somebody gonna help out
with the house and the kids sue Espanyol
you work here and you don't speak any
English at all
Oh noon embarrassing
Columbia Pictures presents you got an
eight you're gonna lose that weight
you're gonna look beautiful a story
about the one job is everything so
confusing
that's yours for life this is the job
these are the decisions when to push
them when to back them worrying about
your children is sanity and being that
saying can drive you nuts
you are an alcoholic and wildly
promiscuous woman during my formative
years so that I'm in this fix because of
you you have a solid point dear but
right now the lessons of my life are
coming in handy for you there are some
mistakes you cannot risk when you have
to go to your husband 22 the makeup you
need a hose
[Music]
Adam Sandler talionis and introducing
paz Vega
listen to your mother she knows it all
[Music]